# Credit Risk Classification Project

## Introduction
In this project, we'll utilize various techniques to train and evaluate a model based on loan risk. We'll use a dataset of historical lending activity from a peer-to-peer lending services company to build a model that can identify the creditworthiness of borrowers.

## Before You Begin
Create a new repository for this project called credit-risk-classification. Do not add this homework to an existing repository.

Clone the new repository to your computer.

Inside your credit-risk-classification repository, create a folder titled "Credit_Risk."

Inside the "Credit_Risk" folder, add the credit_risk_classification.ipynb and lending_data.csv files found in the "Starter_Code.zip" file.

Push your changes to GitHub.

## Files
Download the following files to help you get started:
- [Module 20 Challenge files](https://static.bc-edx.com/data/dl-1-2/m20/lms/starter/Starter_Code.zip)

## Instructions
Complete the following steps:

### Split the Data into Training and Testing Sets
- Read the lending_data.csv data from the Resources folder into a Pandas DataFrame.
- Create the labels set (y) from the “loan_status” column, and then create the features (X) DataFrame from the remaining columns.
- Split the data into training and testing datasets by using train_test_split.

### Create a Logistic Regression Model
- Fit a logistic regression model by using the training data (X_train and y_train).
- Save the predictions on the testing data labels by using the testing feature data (X_test) and the fitted model.
- Evaluate the model’s performance by generating a confusion matrix and a classification report.
- Answer the following question: How well does the logistic regression model predict both the 0 (healthy loan) and 1 (high-risk loan) labels?

### Write a Credit Risk Analysis Report
Write a brief report as the README.md file included in your GitHub repository. The report should contain:

- An overview of the analysis explaining the purpose.
- Description of the accuracy, precision, and recall scores of the machine learning model.
- A summary of the results and your justification for recommending the model for use by the company, or justification for not recommending the model.

## Requirements
- Follow the instructions provided and complete all the steps as described.
- Adhere to the coding conventions, formatting, and commenting requirements specified.

## Submission
To submit your Challenge assignment, click Submit, and then provide the URL of your GitHub repository for grading.

## Comments
Ensure that your code is well-commented with concise, relevant notes that other developers can understand.

## References
Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.
